Konnect Rename: Dev Portal section (#5974)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/dev-portal/applications/application-overview.md

- [Edit](#edit-an-application) the name, reference ID, and description of an application.
- [Generate or delete credentials](/konnect/dev-portal/applications/dev-gen-creds/).
- View a catalog of services that can be [registered with the application](/konnect/dev-portal/applications/dev-reg-app-service/), if no services are registered yet.

> - View the status of an application registration to a service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View the status of an application registration to an API product.
```
I think, since devs register an app against an API product?
